Connection parameters for the icinga-api

1) Where to use

Parameters for icinga-api can be used with the configure tool to setup
your initial connection to icnga. To display a brief help description run

	sh configure --help

in the root of the src directory. You can also edit those parameters by hand.
The connection parameters for Icinga are located in

	app/modules/Web/config/icinga-io.site.xml

Search for the 'api.interfaces.data' setting and update the configuration to
suit your environment.

2) Connection type

The 'api.interfaces.data' option is used to select the main interface, e.g. databases or
something else, like mk_lifestatus.

	CONNECTION_IDO				database abstraction layer
	CONNECTION_IDO_ABSTRACTION		not implemented
	CONNECTION_FILE				native file interface
	CONNECTION_LIVESTATUS			mk_lifestatus connector

Please note that both file connection types are experimental. Their data formats
are not compatible with icinga-web.

3) Connection specific settings

Every connection type requires different configuration parameters. To define an API
option, simply prefix the option key with 'config_'. For example, if you need to
define the API option 'host', add 'config_host' to your XML parameters. Other parameters
not listed below can also be specified - these are ignored by icinga-web.

3.1) CONNECTION_IDO

	type		: Database type. You'll need an appropriate PHP PDO driver on
				  your system.

				  Supported types: mysql, oci, oci8, pgsql

				  There are two Oracle drivers. The oci8 driver uses
				  the original Oracle client libraries which are
				  more robust.

	host		: Target of the database system
	port		: Over the network you'll need a port
	database	: Name of the database (depends on your ido2db setup)
	user		: Username to connect with
	password	: Password used for authentication


3.2) CONNECTION_LIFESTATUS

	type		: Tcp or unix are possible
	path		: If you're using sockets, you need a path to connect to
	host		: Target instruction for tcp
	port		: Nummeric port value for tcp connections

	NOTICE: This interface is not ready for use in production environments.


3.3) CONNECTION_FILE (DEPRECATED)

	This implementation is deprecated and is not being actively worked on. If you have
	something dev related, please provide patches.

	status.dat	: Location to your icinga status.dat file
	objects.cache	: Path to objects cache file
	retention.dat	: Path to retention.dat

	All the files have to exist and must be readable by the user running
	Apache or CLI or whatever.

	NOTICE: This interface is not ready for use in production environments.
